All right.
Welcome back on this special lecture we are going to be adding.
Really cool functionality to our CMOS and extra functionality right.
So the functionality that we want to add is very simple.
Let's say I want to go to a post right and I'm on these polls right here number 37 and I want to go
backing any of these polls I would have to go to admin.
I will have to do all polls and I will have to click on edit.
I don't want to keep doing that.
That's a very long way to do that.
What I want to do.
I'm going to update the polls.
I want to add a link here if we are logged into our CMOS.
I want to be able to see a link here that comes up and says edit post.
And when I click on it it pulls it's going to take me straight to the edit post page so I can edit this
post.
All right.
So I don't have to go all around and see all this and undo all that looping around.
Right.
But anyway.
Let's go heading out there.
So the first thing that we need to do and I hope you're having a great day I'm having an awesome day.
I'm healthy.
I was sick for like a week and I feel really good now I'm healthy.
And then you know it takes only one day for you to realize how lucky you are to have health when it
takes only one sick day or two sick days to say you know what.
Wow.
You know I take for granted all the health that I get I should not take it for granted and enjoy it
while I'm healthy you know.
So that's what that's the kind of mood that I got right now.
But anyway.
Well thanks.
Let's go ahead and let's go to navigation.
We have to go to our CMS folder and if you don't know where we are I'm going to show you right now.
Actually Doc CIMS and then we're going to go to includes And we're going to go to these navigation right
here.
Right.
That's where we are.
So we're going to go.
And every time I say the root it means to see a mass folder in there.
So let's go to navigation and here are navigation.
Let's go to all the way down where we comment is links out right here.
Well we're going to be doing is we're going to be using one of these links and we get the lead if we
wanted to and just use this one here.
I'm going to open it will be it be taxed since we're going to be doing some coding.
And we have this static link right there.
I just want you to be aware of it.
So let's close our BHP tax right there.
And so we're going to be doing a check here.
What I want to check is if I'm still logged in or a user still logged in I want to display the added
post when we are in the edit post page.
If we're not on the edit post page I don't want to display it.
So we need to do a check and we need to make sure that it is set.
So I'm going to make this a little bigger here.
All right.
Perfect.
So we're going to say if it's set.
And what do we want to check if it's set.
What do you think.
What is it.
What variable or thing is available through our or our site how can this CMOS know who we are.
Do you remember that feature that we added when we log in that personalizes or admin sessions if you
got it right congratulations you passed the test.
But anyways so we want to check if the sesshin is available and what session do you think.
Well it could be anything.
We said a whole bunch of sessions up right.
We set them up and we can check for even user Roe if we wanted to or I don't know user name whatever
we want and you can use this user role here converting to a variable and check if they uses an admin
or subscriber and let him see certain pages or certain links.
It's up to you what you want to do with it.
It's really cool.
But right now we're just checking to see if the user will if this session is set if it's set we're going
to do another check and we're going to do another if statement we're going to.
This is called a nested IF statement.
And we're going to check a GET requests.
Right.
Because we have a GET request on there you are now when we are looking at that post page we want to
make sure that it is there because if we do this without checking without using this set we're going
to get a big error on the page.
All right.
So if this is said then we want to do something else.
We want to do something now.
What we want to do is to echo a link like this like that.
All right.
And I'm was going to say this contract out of the I don't need that that's static.
So let's go a list item with a link and say.
All right.
Let's build that right now.
Ref because it's going to take us somewhere.
Let's close it right there.
And then here I'm just going to say edit post.
All right.
And now we get to think about it very hard.
What is it.
How are we going to redirect this user from the front of our site from here to the edit post page.
Well it's actually very simple if you're going to admin and you click on View or polls and you click
Edit you can see that you are all right here and this is the same Eurail that we've got to use with
a source parameter right here equaling the edit post that's how we get to the edit post page but then
we got to pass it to an actual parameter for the ID.
Right now remember we are in the room so we can actually go there and just type and post up BHB we need
to modify a little bit so it goes to the root.
Right.
So lets do that.
So actually night and we need to modify.
So he goes to the admin from the root.
All right.
So let's do that right now.
All right so so who won this link to go to admen next thing.
The first thing that we need to do is add the admin folder for the path right.
Then we add the page polls that ph because everything goes there and then we start adding the parameters.
The first parameter that we need to add remember is going to be the source equal to edit polls.
That way we can get to the edit speech.
So source and it's going to be equal to edit post then we are going to be adding another parameter and
if you remember how to do that if you don't remember I'm going to remind you right now.
All right.
We will use an ampersand right there and then we include the next parameter and that's Parama is going
to be the ID.
MP stands for.
Post ID right.
Post on the score ID and equal to what.
Well we need to get this from here.
He said we need to get that.
So let's actually convert this get request right here this you are l parameter right that we have on
top lets convert it to the pulse ID.
Why not we have the values there right.
If we get to a page that has a parameter if as a get request equal to this then we have the value of
there we have the idea of the post.
So lets use that and put it right here in brackets.
There we go.
So let's check this all right.
Admen posts that BHB sourceless good equals to edit posts.
Perfit and pre-signed to divide the parameters be on the score ID equals to the boss ID.
This looks great.
I don't know about you but I'm feeling great.
All right.
Tiger from frosted flakes right.
So let's go to home site and we got an arrow there.
So it's unexpected something there let's just make sure that we clean that up.
All right.
So this is there.
We forgot a semicolon right here.
That's all.
Don't get scared.
Everything is good.
There we go.
So we bring in there so we.
We don't have any arrows here.
Remember we are navigation.
If we do that is set checking for any parameters that we would get an error there if we didn't do that.
But we don't have that so if we click on the title you see this link appear right there and we are on
the post page right.
So perfect.
And now click edit post and it takes us to that specific post number 37.
All right so let's click up real quick.
Let's go to actually update and added more posts.
And let's go to this one ID number 39.
I edit of the post you post.
We got the post right here.
Thirty nine.
We click on it and we see that we are in that specific post.
So we did a great job if you follow me all the way and you were able to do it.
Congratulations.
You landed a really cool technique right now that could pay you a lot of big bucks if you do for somebody
else.
All right.
So anyway it was a pleasure.
Thank you for watching my lectures and have a blessing day.
Take care